# Privacy Policy

**Effective Date:** May 1, 2025

By accessing or using the services provided by Static Studios, including our Minecraft server, website, and store, you
agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy. This agreement is binding upon you, or, if applicable, your parent or legal
guardian. You are expected to read and understand this policy, as it outlines how we collect, use, and protect your
personal information.

Static Studios takes privacy seriously and is committed to handling your data with care. This policy explains the scope
of data we collect, why we collect it, and how we use it to provide our services. We reserve the right to update this
policy at any time, and any such changes will be posted here. Continued use of our services after an update constitutes
acceptance of the revised terms.

### 1. Age Restrictions

Our services are not directed to children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you are not
permitted to use our services, and we do not knowingly collect any personal information from users in this age group. If
we become aware that we have collected data from someone under thirteen, we will delete it as soon as possible.
Individuals between the ages of thirteen and eighteen are permitted to use our services only with the consent of a
parent or legal guardian.

### 2. Data Collection

We collect limited personal information necessary to operate and moderate our services. When you join our Minecraft
server, your Minecraft username and IP address are automatically logged. If you make a purchase through our online
store, our payment processor, Tebex, collects your transaction details. We do not see or store your full payment
information ourselves, though we may receive metadata such as transaction status or order ID.

If you contact us through our Discord server, we may store the username, message content, and ticket information you
provide in the course of support communications. We may also record enforcement actions, including bans and warnings,
alongside identifying data for moderation purposes. We do not collect names, email addresses, physical addresses, or
other directly identifying personal details unless you provide them voluntarily in the course of support.

### 3. Purpose and Use of Data

The data we collect is used strictly for operating the server, processing purchases, managing user accounts, enforcing
community rules, and providing support. We may reference stored information in the event of a chargeback, payment
dispute, or disciplinary case. Your data may also be used to ensure security, investigate abuse, and comply with legal
obligations. We do not use your personal information for marketing or advertising, nor do we sell it to any third
parties.

### 4. Data Retention and Security

We retain personal data only as long as necessary to provide services, comply with legal requirements, and enforce our
Terms of Service. Security measures are in place to protect stored information from unauthorized access or misuse, but
we cannot guarantee absolute protection due to the inherent nature of online services.

If you wish to have your data deleted, you may request this by opening a support ticket in our Discord server. We will
evaluate each request individually. In some cases, we may be required to retain data related to payment history, account
bans, or fraud investigations.

### 5. Data Sharing and Disclosure

Static Studios does not sell or trade your personal information. We may share limited data with trusted third parties
only when necessary to fulfill core services â€” for example, with Tebex for payment processing, or with server staff for
moderation. If required by law, we may disclose information in response to lawful requests by public authorities,
including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.

### 6. Policy Updates

We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect changes in our operations or legal obligations. The
latest version will always be available on our website or through our service portal. We may also provide notices
through our Discord server or other platforms when material changes are made.

Your continued use of Static Studios' services after any such update constitutes your acceptance of the revised policy.
If you do not agree with any changes, you must stop using the services and may request deletion of your data where
applicable.

### 7. Contact

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or wish to submit a data access or deletion request, you may contact
us by submitting a support ticket through our Discord server. We aim to respond in a reasonable timeframe and will do
our best to resolve any concerns in good faith.
