# Server Rules

These are the official rules governing conduct on Static Studios, including both our Minecraft server and Discord
community. By accessing any part of our network, including participating in gameplay, chat, events, or communication
platforms, you agree to follow these rules. Failure to do so may result in disciplinary action, including but not
limited to mutes, kicks, bans, or permanent removal from the server.

Rules are subject to change at any time without prior notice. It is your responsibility to remain up to date with
current rules. Enforcement of rules may vary depending on context, severity, and staff discretion.

### Chat Behavior

Players are expected to communicate respectfully and responsibly at all times. Spamming, flooding, or sending repeated
or disruptive messages is not permitted. Excessive use of capital letters or special characters is discouraged. Hate
speech, slurs, racism, homophobia, or any form of discriminatory language will not be tolerated under any circumstances.
Encouraging self-harm, suicide, or issuing threats of violence is strictly prohibited.

Personal attacks, targeted harassment, or excessive toxicity directed toward players or staff is not allowed.
Impersonating staff, trolling, or intentionally causing drama within the community is also considered disruptive
behavior. Use of inappropriate or sensitive topics in public chat is discouraged, and any attempt to bypass filters or
moderation tools will be treated as a violation.

Links unrelated to Static Studios, including advertisements for other servers or websites, are not allowed. Sharing
explicit, NSFW, or otherwise offensive content is strictly prohibited.

### Game Integrity and Client Modifications

All players must use unmodified Minecraft clients that do not provide unfair advantages. Hacked clients, cheat software,
automation tools, or macros are not allowed. This includes but is not limited to fly hacks, nukers, auto-clickers, X-ray
modifications, or scripting that automates gameplay. Only cosmetic or performance-enhancing clients such as LunarClient,
Badlion, or Optifine are permitted.

Use of software or input modifications to remain active while AFK or perform repeated tasks without interaction is not
permitted. Any attempt to bypass AFK detection or simulate player input through hardware or software will be considered
automation. Using alternative methods to exploit game mechanics or intentionally glitch into restricted areas is not
allowed.

### Fair Play and Competition

Players are expected to engage in fair competition. Kill farming, feeding, or kill boosting to gain PvP advantages or
rank progression is not permitted. Teaming in solo events or intentionally avoiding PvP objectives is considered unfair
play. Boosting through coordinated actions across multiple accounts or accounts controlled by others is not allowed.

Scamming other players in any form, including in-game trades or auction house transactions, is against the rules.
Sharing or logging into other players’ accounts, or distributing free or public accounts such as from EasyMC or
TheAltening, is not allowed. Vote abuse or reward manipulation across multiple accounts is strictly prohibited.

### Server Economy and Exploits

Exploiting bugs, dupes, or unintended mechanics for personal or team gain is not allowed. Any such behavior must be
reported immediately through a support ticket. Attempting to conceal, reproduce, or distribute exploits is grounds for
serious enforcement.

Real-world trading, including the buying, selling, or trading of in-game items, accounts, or services in exchange for
real currency, gift cards, crypto, or services outside of the server’s supported systems, is not permitted. Chargebacks
or fraudulent purchases through our store will result in permanent account sanctions.

### Alts and Multi-Account Restrictions

You may use alternate accounts within limits defined by the server, but abuse of alts to gain unfair advantages is not
allowed. Examples include farming ranks, bypassing cooldowns or punishments, or using alts to create duplicate islands,
teams, or gangs. Each user is expected to play in good faith and within fair-use limits of multiple account access.
Using VPNs to bypass account limits is not permitted.

### Building and Server Performance

Any attempt to intentionally lag the server or interfere with gameplay through redstone machines, block spam, or
resource-heavy contraptions will be treated as malicious behavior. Creating builds that are offensive, inappropriate, or
disruptive in theme is not allowed, including symbols or language that violates other server rules.

### Discord Conduct

All players are expected to follow the same rules within the Static Studios Discord community. This includes no
spamming, harassment, or toxicity. Excessive pinging, sending unrelated or harmful links, and misuse of channels or bots
is not permitted. Sharing inappropriate content such as NSFW material, offensive memes, or suggestive imagery is not
allowed in any channel.

Use of voice changers, soundboards, or intentionally disruptive behavior in voice channels is also prohibited. Any
attempts to troll staff, open fake support tickets, or waste time with false reports may result in removal from Discord
access. Advertising other communities or sending unsolicited DMs to promote content is not permitted.

### Enforcement and Staff Authority

All decisions regarding rule violations are made at the discretion of server staff. Depending on the severity and
context of the situation, punishments may vary. Attempting to bypass punishments by using alternate accounts or other
means will result in further enforcement action.

If you believe a punishment was made in error, you may submit a ticket through Discord to appeal. Appeals will be
reviewed on a case-by-case basis, but submission does not guarantee reversal.

### Final Notes

These rules are not exhaustive and may be updated or expanded over time. Just because something is not explicitly listed
here does not mean it is allowed. Use common sense and act in good faith when interacting with the community. If you are
unsure whether something is allowed, open a support ticket to ask a staff member before taking action.
