# Terms of Service

**Effective Date:** May 1, 2025

By accessing or using any part of the Static Studios Minecraft server, store, or related services (collectively, the
“Services”), you agree to be bound by these Terms of Service. This agreement is binding upon you, and if you are under
the age of 18, your parent or legal guardian must review and accept these terms on your behalf.

### 1. Eligibility to Use Our Services

You confirm that you are at least thirteen (13) years old when accessing or using our Services. By using the Services,
you represent and warrant that you are either (A) over the age of 18 or (B) between the ages of 13 and 17 and using the
Services with the consent of a parent or legal guardian.

You further agree that you are using a valid, original, and legally obtained Minecraft account registered to you and
that you have read and understood our server rules and policies, including our [Rules Page](#), which governs acceptable
behavior on the server.

### 2. Account Responsibility

You are responsible for all actions taken through your Minecraft account while connected to the Services. If you allow
another person to access your account, you assume liability for any actions they take. You agree to maintain the
security of your account credentials and to report any unauthorized access immediately.

### 3. Access to Services

Static Studios reserves the right to suspend, terminate, or otherwise restrict your access to the Services at any time,
with or without notice. If your account is banned, temporarily or permanently, you will not receive a refund for any
purchases previously made. All in-game purchases are considered non-permanent and may be revoked without compensation at
our discretion, including but not limited to rule violations or disruptive behavior.

We may also, at any time, shut down or discontinue the Services, in whole or in part, without notice or liability to
you.

### 4. Purchases and Refund Policy

All purchases made through our online store, operated by Tebex, are final. You agree not to dispute or charge back any
transaction. Any chargeback attempt will result in a permanent ban from our Services.

In rare and exceptional cases, we may consider a refund at our sole discretion. To initiate such a request, you must
open a ticket via our Discord server. However, approval is not guaranteed, and we reserve the right to deny any request.

Purchases of digital content and services do not transfer ownership or any intellectual property rights. You are granted
access to use purchased content as long as you retain access to the Services and remain in good standing.

### 5. Limitation of Liability

Static Studios makes no guarantees regarding uptime or service availability. You acknowledge and agree that we are not
responsible for service outages, plugin errors, lost items, account issues, or any other technical failure, whether
temporary or permanent.

To the fullest extent permitted by law, Static Studios shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental,
consequential, or special damages arising out of or related to your use of the Services.

### 6. Enforcement and Ban Appeals

Violations of our rules or policies may result in immediate disciplinary action, including bans. We reserve the right to
take enforcement action at our discretion, with or without stated cause.

If you believe you were banned unfairly, you may submit an appeal via our Discord ticket system. We are not obligated to
reverse any enforcement action.

### 7. Modifications to the Terms

We may revise these Terms of Service at any time without prior notice. Continued use of the Services after changes are
posted constitutes your acceptance of the updated terms.

### 8. Governing Law

These Terms of Service are governed by the laws of the United States. Any disputes or claims related to the Services
shall be handled in accordance with applicable U.S. federal and state law.

### 9. Contact

If you have questions about these Terms or require assistance, you may contact us by opening a support ticket through
our official Discord server.
